## discussed in meeting
- how to implement the kernel: kernel should be created INDEPENDENT of the x_expression data, use only time_data and the time for target gene for each lag
- calculate kernel for EACH lag (different depending on the time on the target gene) using e^-(t_lag-t_sample)^2/sigma^2, create a matrix of dimension tlag x ptime
- then, transpose the kernel and 


## tasks for next week

For final report:
- intro: why doing this, SINGE (what does it do, was in Matlab, so not very portable, not very accesible), the need to write in python, original code, why specific in python (not in R)
- literauture view: in python, what packages are there/used, pros/cons of each package (lasso, glmnet). In arbitrary regression, how their run time compare; their functionalities and limitations. 
- method: Talk about irregular time series. Assuming time stags regularly spaced, what happened, how the past regulate the present, etc. Then, talk why need a kernel-based approach to smooth, explain the kernel. 
- future work: Right now, completed general granger lasso test for ONE target. What's coming for multiple targets (right now, it's just one target). Now it's only how one gene is being regulated, we will do it for all genes to create a network. Will create interaction matrix for all targets. Also, now it's assumed that all lags are known, in the future, will implement a feature-matched implementation of the original SINGE algorithm. Then, talk about how to put this algorithm in other platforms.
- could also: talk about github process, setting up gits, etc.

have a (at least) 2-page draft version done by next week before leaving for grades!!
